
Version/Revision history

Version 3.4
Fix typo in config name
Fix bug in linux version checking

Version 3.3
Tweaks after debian 11 release

Version 3.2
Added option to use -c arg with ./configure to enable quiet mode (only shows errors not all output)
Added option to type C to then run any command.

Version 3.1
Added a DEBUG=0 variable. setting to 1 will stop all 'clear' commands so output can be seen.
MountInfo setting did not save correctly. fixed

Version 3.0
Split the script into 2 parts.
Now one script is for first time usage, to download source an/or install dependencies.

The second script assumes you have a downloaded directory to point to.

I re-wrote how the script starts, 
It now saves distro settings on first load so after you have run it the 
first time it will go straight onto the options page.

you now set all the options before the script starts the procedures.
You are presented with a settings page where you can enable/disable any of the commands.

Added a "git update" mode where it runs git pull and only continues to compile if updates were found.

Most options pages have a "Remember Settings" option meaning once running how you like it to it
can be your one stop place to update/compile new commits just by pressing return a couple of times..


added handling of inputted path string to remove quotes and file:// if entered.


Version 2.5.4
Now using "read -e" when inputing directory names enabling TAB autocompletion.
Now handles "~/" for Home Directory
would error if you used a trailing / in a path name.  fixed. 

Version 2.5.3
The temporary sudo timeout lengthening file was not getting deleted on Manjaro (archlinux)
changed the way the file is searched for using "ls" now instead of just "if exists"

V2.5.2
Added ability to use git to clone or curl to download archive and unpack.

Added the offer to temporarily up sudo timeout to 2 hours during compilation.
This is so that if you are letting all commands automatically run, Ie. if you
typed 'a' (Yes to all) then it shouldn't stop and ask for password when 
'make install' is executed and timeout if you are not at the keyboard.

Added a Ctrl-C trapping function to ensure restoring the sudo timeout on exit.

Added log file creation, all vital (gambas team related) functions output text
to the terminal but also saves a log file in the /home/username/ folder.

V2.5.1
Added testing branch to github for latest beta version.

Now it auto detects if you have existing gambas installed via a package manager.
Has not been done for alpine linux yet but works the others using apt or pacman.
Lists all packages that need to be removed and removes them just before running 'make install'


V2.4
Added ManjaroLinux and bug-tested the archlinux install.
Had to tweak the way pacman was called as updating needed to be done as a
separate command from installing on a fresh system.

V2.3
Added feature to show a list of supported linux's and ask user to select 
best matching distro if users version is not found.

Added option to enter a different folder name when downloading a new clone.
it defaults to 'gambas' in the current dir but a different path/name may be used now.

V2.2
xdg did not set correct +x flags on desktop launcher on Raspberry PI ubuntu 20 so added a chmod command
it also did not forceupdate the menus after adding the entry. have added a forceupdate command.
xdg functioned as normal on mint and debian, just rpi ubuntu.

Added error handling to exit if various commands return an error value.

V2.1
Had not tested it on a fresh machine and found a bug in the git installation routine.
fixed.

V2.0
now auto-detects linux system, 
detects if being run in gambas source folder
installs git if missing.
installs desktop icon and menu entry


V1.0
Initial script.
you had to manually set distro in a text editor and have git installed.

